ROX-12113: Adding a boolean config to the email notifier, to allow unauthenticated SMTP and relevant changes to notifier to process the config element. (#2634)
stackrox/stackrox: CHANGELOG.md

Please avoid adding duplicate information across this changelog and JIRA/doc input pages.

## [NEXT RELEASE]

> - ROX-11348: The email notifier now allows for unauthenticated smtp. By default, unauthenticated smtp is turned off.

Reviewer: "unauthenticate" and "turned off" is a little confusing, a sort of double-negative.

```suggestion
- ROX-11348: The email notifier now allows for unauthenticated SMTP. By default, authentication is still required for an email notifier, but the user can now turn it off.
```

Please avoid adding duplicate information across this changelog and JIRA/doc input pages.

## [NEXT RELEASE]
- ROX-11348: The email notifier now allows for unauthenticated smtp.

>   The email notifier now allows for unauthenticated SMTP. By default, 

Reviewer 2: "The email notifier now allows for unauthenticated SMTP" is repeated twice. Also put both sentences into one line?
